So we can even make this even better by putting a column here or rather a row like that.
And I'm going to take this into that, OK, and I have that linear and then here I'm going to say text.
I would say loading like that just to play around with what's going on here.
Let's save this and give it a run.
Very good, quick.
So he's loading, he saw that briefly.
OK, very good.
So we can do the same thing actually inside of our search, I believe, right here.
A horizontal arrangement.
Space in between.
OK, that's fine.
Just playing around with a few things.
Two concepts here.
Let's run, Nancy.
OK.
Very nice.
It's loading.
That's fine.
We can play with this forever, but that's totally fine.
So by the way, if you look at linear progress indicator, there are a few things you can add or pass
around, right?
So can you pass the modifier, of course, and pass a background color or even the color as well?
There are a lot of things you can do.
OK.
All right, we're not going to spend too much time on that because that's something you can do yourself,
but at least we know now we were able to get the information about at least to get the book.
So if we can get the book, we can extract all sort of things.
OK, so what we really want to do.
Obviously, it's not just to show the book like this.
We want to show something a little bit more concrete like this.
OK, so we're going to have an image of that book.
We're going to have the title of the book and a lot of information.
Now I do realize that there's a lot of information and probably there would be a best way to construct
this user.
You are this user interface, but we just want to get the data in that way.
You also get a chance to make this more beautiful.
All right.
Very good.
So let's go ahead and do that.
First of all, we're going to get the image in the, you know, how to do that by now.
So can parses feed you and go ahead and do that.
And maybe you can just do this entire create this entire screen here.
It's very simple.
So we just adding all of this information into our screen here.
One thing to know exactly where we are getting this information from.
So let's go back to and find book API or books API that is noticed that we can pass the idea of the
book after volume.
So if you go back to our Google API, here you see we have volumes and in this case we're acquiring.
So we have a question mark and queue is equal to Android.
So whatever we add here, let's say dancing like this, it's going to go ahead and pass it around and
get the information about dancing books on dancing.
OK.
But let me get this ad copy this.
So if I change this set of volumes like this point for a slash and did hit enter, then we hit somewhere
else so we can see now we're just going to see the information about that book that has this ad.
So, you know, this is going to be the same thing that we had before, which is going to be volume
info.
It's just that now it's very much specialized for this book.
The fields are all the same.
So you see that you can get title authors and publish data and everything description and so forth.
So that's where it's all coming from.
Just want to show you that let's go back.
Right?
Well, like I said, this is not what we want.
We actually want to pass here details like this.
So I'm going to pass a book, ebook info such.
And then we're passing enough controller like this.
Let's go ahead and create that real quick.
It's composable.
We have everything.
So first I'm going to just extract a few things for my say book data.
When I say book info in this case, that data, I'm going to say volume info.
It's just to get the root of our note and then foul Google Book ID.
We're going to use that later.
Let's say book data, a book info that is.
That data actually just go directly to.
Yes, data, no book I info, OK, the wrong one and get the I.D. I S..
So next claim credit card.
Give it modifier here.
Give about 34 dpi.
And let's also give a shape.
I'm going to circle shaped like this or pass an elevation of about four deep.
All right.
So the first thing I'm going to add, of course, is the events.
The book image is very simple now it's almost like repeating ourselves here.
So image painter and former painter, I'm going to use Coyle.
Remember image painter?
It's going to be.
It's going to be data.
And how do I get that data?
Well, I'm going to get that data from our book data and get to image links and get your thumbnail.
OK?
And so two string looks like it needs more than not, necessarily.
You no longer need that string.
All right.
And description, it's going to be.
I say book image.
Thank.
Let's pass a modifier gave a width of about 90 dpi.
And a height of about 90 dpi and padding of one dpi such weight.
So that is our card.
If we run this over, we're going to see an image.
Let's pick any book.
Well, you, sir, it's happening by this guy.
And there we go running.
There's books about running about that one.
And well, looks good.
Now let's go ahead and add this text here.
The title.
I'm going to go outside of that card round card there.
Let's say text.
And this is just about taking data in putting inside their data title.
Such I'm going to give a style.
Age four, about age six.
Make sure that overflow, I'm going to say I want this to be ellipses in cases that we have a lot of
long title like needs more.
The string, OK, there we go.
And the Max line.
My lines, I'm going to say 19, because some books have very long titles.
Who knows?
And the rest, I'm just going to get.
And you're going to pause this video and get all of the other texts here because it makes no sense.
Let you watch me type all of that.
And there we go.
So we have Arthur's page count and everything is there in what I'm going to do next.
I'm going to add an spacer to give some space between where we're going to add indeed the description.
Let's give it a run.
All right.
It looks it looks good, a little bit cramped, but that's OK.
That's OK.